---
layout: post
title: Week 1 (5.31-6.5)
---
## A Small Introduction

This is my first week to come to the University of Minnesota to do research. After travelling to Las Vegas, I fly to Minneapolis and start my DREU research with Professor Victoria Interrante. She is really nice and asks her PHD students to help me set up the lab. I'm so excited about his research opportunity and look forward to work with them.

## Topics of Research

Generally, our research topics are all about Virtual Reality. Professr Interrante gave me a sheet and asked me to choose the topics I want to explore. I selected the "Continuous subjective cybersickness assessment." Actually, this is about the investigation of cybersickness. This one is really interesting and attractive, and I hope I could learn many things from this research!


## Some tasks I finished

During the first week of the research, I learned the Unreal Engine 5. I already learned some basic uses of it and can make a small game. I'll continue to learn more and use the tool well in order to conduct the research well. I 'll work hard on it!


---
layout: post
title: Week 2 (6.6-6.12)
---
## A Small Introduction of this week

This is my second week to do the research with Professor Interrante and her Phd students. I'm so happy to work with them and learn a lot of things about Unreal Engine. After choosing the research topic of cybersickness, I start to contact the Phd students in the lab who is in charge of the research, and know more information about it. At the same time, I learned much more things about Unreal Engine. 


## Some tasks I finished

During the second week of the research, I continue to learn the Unreal Engine, but the original research of this topic use Unreal Engine 4 to build the scene, so I switch my learning to UE4. Also, I contact the Phd student in this research to know more information about the research and prepare to help him.



